hey guys guess where we are that's right
Toys R Us once again this year were
checking out the ponies you're okay
sorry for all you non Pony lovers but I
love ponies
well you already knew that so door ah da
no more Sakura ah that sucks
except really new whoo Thank You Shawn
hey oh gosh one more Sakura kicking it
they're never gonna catch me oh whoa
these magical ponies are so fat uh-huh
so I got a shopping cart you know to put
my Sakura in and now we're just gonna go
shopping you know just like good old
times with a shopping cart
okay let's go this way
oh my Twilight Saga Barbies I know you
want them and hunger games Barbies okay
sure
whatever floats your boat Oh apparently
we're in the barbie section well duh
mermaids fairies okay let's go this way
brave dolls why am I in the girls
section oh crap I just bumped into
something crap but she's bump
dislocation huh I don't know they should
trust me with a shopping cart
oh well Oh who's that I never you
probably liked him but you like me more
ha ha whoo I can't pump it into
everything
oh geez our cart Oh something fuck I
just keep crashing in everything and
it's not even my fault
Oh quick cocktails oh I want this so bad
Monster High dolls well I don't need any
of those One Direction's stuff huh I
don't need any of that either
great sock monkey cool
Cody Simpson huh
I've never heard of him whoa oh my gosh
oh my gosh I am fine I have that at
least candy does good wait I've done it
a little USB Drive forum huh it's really
cute whoa what the heck
stop it I think he wants to kill me joy
dare yes it's over this is almost as bad
as the whole babies thing hmm we can
counter blessings cuz at least there's
no more Blythe dolls instead there's new
lps whoa okay
but I've gotten over that you know if
you haven't heard the news candy bought
a new lps I know shocking but it's okay
it's okay
lookie here burn dealer show toys and
Adventure Time toys huh
there's thing and Jake and that purple
woman Oh cows just ran into Batman sorry
Batman
it was the Joker not me I swear pokemons
yeah Oh Rangers oh call wreck-it Ralph
loved that movie
or adventure time toys or Regular Show
toys making your way to the check up
place takes everything you got
especially when people are chasing you
why does everybody wanna steal me away
hey hey hey
everyone's looking at me I know they are
huh over here no okay
got keep my cool what the heck I think I
just heard someone call my name I gotta
get out of here huh can't let them find
me I don't know who it is Oh towels
almost crashed the car Oh Cal's crashing
the car so we ain't fucking to me I
don't wanna talk back I'm sorry I can't
okay this way no huh I don't know where
to go
someone's chasing me oh now we're in the
DVD section and I see people they're
following me and I got to stop so I'll
see you back at the house bye
alrighty I'm back from the shopping trip
look what I got this Acorah
giant Pinkie Pie fairies and even more
fairies this one lights up
hot-diggity-dog
oh cool
Sparky oh my no
risa I'm uh you went shopping without me
again oh gee I'm sorry Risa that was low
even for you oh oh well hey if you guys
want to see the unboxing of all the
stuff check it out on LPS cool it's our
second channel so see you there
yeah okay cool whoa a giant Pinkie Pie
that's awesome
back get away from my Pinkie Pie
she's mine oh my I tell you boy
whoa calm down dude I'm gonna leave now
you